Add information around built-in namespaces `nebari-git` and `global` (#303)
nebari-dev/nebari-docs: docs/docs/explanations/advanced-env-configuration.md

# Environment configurations

:::tip
For guidance on managing or creating environments directly with conda-store, see our guide on [Creating new environments on Nebari](/docs/tutorials/creating-new-environments.md).
If you're looking for information on updating your namespaces after a recent upgrade, refer to our troubleshooting guide on [Migrating namespaces](/docs/troubleshooting.mdx#Conda-store-compatibility-migration-steps).
:::

<!-- TODO: Update the time to create environments based in new conda-store updates -->

Nebari comes with two default environments that are built during deployment:

- `nebari-git-nebari-git-dask` to [run distributed workflows with Dask][using-dask],
- `nebari-git-nebari-git-dashboard` to [create shareable dashboard][create-dashboards].

> The configuration of each environment in Nebari is achieved through a `environment.<filename>` mapping to a conda environment specification. To configure environments, you can add entries to the `nebari_config.yml` file located in the deployment repository, which will then be used by conda-store to create or update the environment during deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration of each environment in Nebari is achieved through a `environment.<filename>` mapping to a conda environment specification. To configure environments, you can add entries to the `nebari-config.yml` file located in the deployment repository, which will then be used by conda-store to create or update the environment during deployment.
```

For more information, please refer to conda-store [administration documentation](https://conda.store/en/latest/administration.html) related to `CondaStore.default_namespace` and `CondaStore.filesystem_namespace` respectively.

:::note
By default, the namespace `nebari-git` is used in a standard Nebari deployment. However, you can change the namespace name by modifying the `conda-store.default_namespace` entry in your `nebari-config.yaml` configuration file. Keep in mind that this setting permanently changes the namespace name.
:::

When you specify an environment in `nebari_config.yml`, it will be made available for all users and services under the `nebari-git` namespace. Conda-store is responsible for creating them upon request from the deployment process.

However, the conda-store permission model restricts user intervention for both namespaces. This means that `nebari-git` environments can only be modified within the Nebari deployments, while global environments can be locally changed via direct interaction with conda activate. However, any changes made to global environments will only be perceived by the user and not propagated to other users.

> Note that the `nebari-git` namespace is modified using nebari-config deployments only, and any modifications to the `global` namespace will only be available locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::warning
To reiterate, the `nebari-git` namespace is modified using nebari-config deployments only, and any modifications to the `global` namespace will only be available locally.
:::
```
